Added a note for Software support (#1548)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/autopilot/self-deploying.md

Self-deploying mode uses a device’s TPM 2.0 hardware to authenticate the device into an organization’s Azure AD tenant. Therefore, devices without TPM 2.0 can't be used with this mode. Devices must also support TPM device attestation. All new Windows devices should meet these requirements. The TPM attestation process also requires access to a set of HTTPS URLs that are unique for each TPM provider. For more information, see the entry for Autopilot self-Deploying mode and Autopilot pre-provisioning in [Networking requirements](networking-requirements.md#tpm).

> [!NOTE]

> > For Windows Autopilot software requirments, see [Windows Autopilot software requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/autopilot/software-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For Windows Autopilot software requirements, see the [Windows Autopilot software requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/autopilot/software-requirements) article.
```
